first-contribution (#86641)
firstcontributions/first-contributions: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/issue-template.md

---
name: Suggest changes

> aboucd first-contributionst: If you want to report a bug or suggest improvements, please open an issue.

Reviewer: Please revert this change:
```suggestion
about: If you want to report a bug or suggest improvements, please open an issue.
```
